docs: add code simplicity section (#16786)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/development/best-practices.md

// istanbul ignore next: can never happen
```

## Code simplicity

> ### Prefer code that is simpler and easier to read, this will help others and specially reviewers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Write simple code

Simple code is easy to read and review.
```

> - #### Write single purpose functions, they are easier to understand, test and debug

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- #### Write single purpose functions

Single purpose functions are easier to understand, test and debug.
```

```ts
function caller() {
  // ..code..
  calculateUpdateAndPrint(data)
  // ..code..
}

function calculateUpdateAndPrint(...) { /* code */ }
```

> Simplified code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Simplified code:
```

```ts
function caller() {
    // code..
    const res = calculate(data);
    update(res);
    print(res);
    // code..
}

function calculate(...) { /* code */ }
function update(...)    { /* code */ }
function print(...)     { /* code */ }
```

> - #### Keep indentation level low (fail quickly), nested code logic is difficult to read and more prone to logic mistakes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- #### Keep indentation level low 

Fail quickly.
Nested code logic is difficult to read and prone to logic mistakes.
```

```ts
function foo(str: string): boolean {
  let result = false;
  if (condition(str)) {
    const x = extractData(str);
    if (x) {
      // do something
      result = true;
    }
  }
  return result;
}
```

> Simplified code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Simplified code:
```

// istanbul ignore next: can never happen
```

## Code simplicity

### Write simple code

> Simple code is easy to read and review.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Simple code is easy to read, review and maintain.
Choose to write verbose and understandable code instead of "clever" code which might take someone a few attempts to understand what it does.
```

// istanbul ignore next: can never happen
```

## Code simplicity

### Write simple code

Simple code is easy to read, review and maintain.
Choose to write verbose and understandable code instead of "clever" code which might take someone a few attempts to understand what it does.

> - #### Write single purpose functions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Write single purpose functions
```

Single purpose functions are easier to understand, test and debug.

```ts
function caller() {
  // ..code..
  calculateUpdateAndPrint(data)
  // ..code..
}

function calculateUpdateAndPrint(...) { /* code */ }
```

Simplified code:

```ts
function caller() {
    // code..
    const res = calculate(data);
    update(res);
    print(res);
    // code..
}

function calculate(...) { /* code */ }
function update(...)    { /* code */ }
function print(...)     { /* code */ }
```

> - #### Keep indentation level low

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Keep indentation level low
```

}
```

> ## Aysnc functions

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## Async functions
```
